Live Action Among Us Instructions

Setup
Tasks
Have tasks ready for the players. The number of tasks you have will determine the number of players you can have at any one time. We have 7 tasks and 5 players (4 crewmates and 1 imposter).

Who's Who?
Have a way ready to tell the players if they are a crewmate or an imposter. We use envelopes with a card inside that identifies the player as a crewmate or imposter. They are passed out at the beginning of the game and are returned before the game begins.

Who is a Ghost?
Have a way for the imposter to identify who they have "killed." We use stickers, which are included in the imposter's envelope. If the imposter places a sticker on a crewmate that crewmate becomes a ghost. When the imposter puts a sticker on a crewmate, they must silently indicate to that crewmate that they are now a ghost.

Who's done What?
Have a way ready for the crewmates to identify if they have completed a task or not. This is for their own reference and is not proof that the task is completed. We included task sheets in all the envelopes at the beginning of the game.

Emergency Meeting or Game Over
Have a way for the crewmates to call an emergency meeting or to signal the completion of all the tasks. We used a Staples button placed in a central location. If the button is pressed an emergency meeting is called and a short discussion and vote takes place. If the players indicate that all the tasks have been completed, a third party checks to make sure this is true. If this is incorrect, no discussion takes place and the game continues. 
How to Play

Players
Crewmates
The objective of the crewmates is to complete all the tasks or vote out the imposter. They can do this by calling an emergency meeting when all tasks have been completed or to vote on who the imposter might be.

Imposter(s)
The objective of the imposter is to turn the majority of crewmen into ghosts or have them removed from the game. For a game with 4 or 5 crewmen, the imposter must turn 3 into ghosts or have them removed. The imposter can undo certain tasks in order to gain more time to turn crewmen into ghosts.

Ghosts
The ghosts share the same objective as the crewmen. They can still do tasks when an emergency meeting is not taking place, but cannot communicate at all. Ghosts cannot call an emergency meeting.

Voting, Tasks, and Other
Voting
When a vote takes place whoever is voted out as the imposter cannot participate in the current game. If the imposter is voted out, the crewmates win. However, if a crewmate is voted out they do not become a ghost, they are simply removed from the game.

Tasks
Tasks cannot be sabotaged or damaged so that they cannot be done. They must always have the ability to be completed in the indicated manner. 
Game Rules

1.	Players cannot show anyone their task sheet or envelope. They are for that player's eyes only.
2.	Players communicate (talk, point, etc.) unless the emergency meeting button has been pushed.
3.	Ghosts may still complete tasks, but cannot communicate or call an emergency meeting.
4.	Once a meeting has been called, players cannot work on tasks until it ends.
5.	If the imposter is voted out during an emergency meeting the crewmates win.
6.	If the majority of crewmates are turned into ghosts, the imposter wins.
